Improve good to know workout in React (#1505)
enkidevs/curriculum: javascript/react/good-to-know/keyed-fragments-in-react.md

---

# Keyed fragments in React

---
## Content

Take a look at the following code:

```jsx
class Columns extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <td>Is this real life</td>
        <td>Or is it fantasy</td>
      </div>
    );
  }
}

class Table extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <table>
        <tr>
          <Columns />
        </tr>
      </table>
    );
  }
}
```

> Although it might seem correct at a first glance, this would result in an invalid HTML code because the `<td>`s in the `Columns` component are encapsulated in a `<div>`. The solution to this problem is represented by `Fragment`s, which allows you to add a parent tag to your JSV elements without adding an extra note to the DOM.

Reviewer: Should be

> without adding an extra **node** to the DOM

> Although it might seem correct at a first glance, this would result in an invalid HTML code because the `<td>`s in the `Columns` component are encapsulated in a `<div>`. The solution to this problem is represented by `Fragment`s, which allows you to add a parent tag to your JSV elements without adding an extra node to the DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although it might seem correct at a first glance, this would result in an invalid HTML code because the `<td>`s in the `Columns` component are encapsulated in a `<div>`. One solution to this problem is represented by `Fragment`s, which allows you to add a parent tag to your JSX elements without adding an extra node to the DOM.
```

Here is how you would use `Fragment`s on the `Columns` component:

```jsx
class Columns extends React.Component {
  render() {
    return (
      <React.Fragment>
        <td>Is this real life</td>
        <td>Or is it fantasy</td>
      </React.Fragment>
    );
  }
}
```

> Or, if you despise writing too many words when you code:

Reviewer: "despise" seems a bit too strong haha

Maybe say "Or if you prefer writing more succinct code"

Author: 😄 tried to write a witty phrase, but you are right, despise is kinda too strong

```jsx

> // ...

Reviewer: This is how a comment is written in JSX:

```suggestion
{/* ... */}
```
